Vale errors and suggestions (#3921)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/getting-started/creating-the-first-collection.md

warning: false
---

Postman Collections are a group of saved requests. Every request you send in Postman appears under the **History** tab of the sidebar. On a small scale, reusing requests through the history section is convenient. As your Postman usage grows, it can be time-consuming to find a particular request in your history. Instead of scrolling through your history section, you can save all your requests as a group for easier access.

## Creating your first collection

> To create a new collection by first creating a new request:

Reviewer: This reads a bit awkwardly to me, maybe try something like

"To create a new collection, you must first create a request:"

Author: Good call! Rewording

You can create a new request from the left sidebar in Postman. Select __New__ &gt; __HTTP Request__.

<img alt="Create new request sidebar" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/create-new-request-sidebar-v9.jpg"/>

> Enter a request in the request builder and select **Save** to open the **Save Request** modal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter a request in the request builder and select **Save** to open the **Save Request** dialog box.
```

Reviewer 2: Or you can use "window" but I think we're trying to avoid "modal"

1. Create a new collection by selecting **New Collection**. Enter a collection name, and then select the **Create** button.

    <img alt="Save request to collection" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/save-request-to-collection-v9.jpg" width="400px"/>

1. Select **Save** to save the request in the new collection.

> Congratulations! You can see all your collections under the **Collections** tab of the sidebar on the left, as illustrated below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You can see all your collections under the **Collections** tab of the sidebar on the left, as shown below:
```

Reviewer 2: Seriously vale "illustrated" isn't too wordy but "monitor" is?? 😄

Author: Lerl, I didn't even notice this 😂
